and we go camping
it was a lovely weekend and that I
I was very excited because he was going to
field
sure you can not wait
and fell
and nothing
what's up with you rossi
it's true that I do not either
here you are where is it fell to a
technical paradita
size
we are running again if there is
get back on the road though thinking it
Well, what's the matter, darling, I think I'm going to
take advantage of me
is that
it's an elk crossing sign in these
forests there are many moose and so the
drivers know they have to have
hello care
needing
well do not make many illusions that
I so why not because elk are very
timid that seemed a bit strange
that such a big animal could be so
shy
hello friends welcome to the camp
brow i'm pierre and your year here you go to
can live a lot of adventures kay
yow you can play also swim and even
climb a mountain that you would like
do first it seems to me that it's going to be a
little complicated elk do not come close
to people at least we have never
seen one in the camp you do not think
if we lend a hand
but
is
and you
or in work fell
you're going to get in there that I do go
what's wrong, cielito?
come, it's great, go for the water
they are calm kaiju fish have more
fear them of you that you of them
one was very sure of wanting to swim
he is very deep
deep
you will not want to splash me
as soon as he fell he got into the water
he lost his fear
and without realizing it came time to
dined they wanted to smell
I could eat a horse
I would eat an elk
mine
not a squirrel outside plays
d
do not feed the wild animals
skyu because they have to look for their
food in the forest
what are you going to do this afternoon we 're going to
go climbing
that's what you're doing is still very
all right
and
you are well fell he got scared a lot
when he slipped but wanted to prove to
dad how brave was we almost have
come look
and we got it, I'm very proud of
you
I suppose that to climb that exhausting
come guys to bed
in the caravan everything is ready
It will be fun to sleep outdoors
good as you want here I was
delighted to sleep in the hammock in the
arms of his father
good night happy dreams and that is
respect the sayings
Caius was impressed with the moose
never had an animal been seen so
big
for me
do not go
we have to be very quiet
remember the aces are very shy
it's disgusting
plus
A) Yes
it seemed very funny to him that a
such a large animal could be scared of
a girl as tiny as rossi